                         kppp - a dialer for pppd

kppp is a dialer and front end for pppd. It allows for interactive script
generation and network connection setup.

Version 0.7.1

o New option to disable existing nameservers in /etc/resolv.conf

o Looping, prompt and password dialogs in the scripting module

This is version 0.5.9

o a bunch of little fixes. 

This is version 0.5.8

o all sorts of little fixes, in particular the 'Costs' file is 
  now generated again correctly
  
  
New in Verions 0.5.6
	
o configurable busy redial pause

New in Verions 0.5.5
	
o new copy function on the account dialog


New in Verions 0.5.4

o nothing new, sorry. Just bug fixes and work to get kppp to compile
  with the new kdelibs and Qt 1.3 
  
New in Verions 0.5.3

o option to not have kppp terminate the ppp connection on X-server exit
o leaving the lockfile edit box empty will cause kppp not to create a
  lockfile
  
New in Verions 0.5.2

o if the X-server exits, kppp will terminate in a controlled fashion:
  accounting will be terminated
  ppp connection will be terminated
  
New in Version 0.5

o Phone cost accounting
o Configurable Modem Timeout
o Configurable pppd Timeout
o Dynamic Scripting Timeout
o Optional Automatic configuration of host and domainname
o modem device locking (Kppp should now work with mgetty)
o domain name configuration
o vastly improved documentation
o bug fixes

Special thank to Mario Weilguni and Jesus Fuentes Saavedra for their
contributions towards kppp-0.5!!

New in Version 0.4

o Better Window Placement
o KDE compliance -- Color Schemes etc.

New in Verion  0.3:

o mini-terminal: you no longer need a terminal communications program
  such as minicom or seyon to setup and test you modem and isp connection.

o Statistics Dialog: Ever wanted to know the number of bytes and packets
  that leave and enter your ppp interface? A complete set of ppp statistics
  together with your local and remote IP addresses are displayed on the
  statistics dialog.

o animation: Yes, you may trust your eyes!

o ATI query dialog: Ever wanted to know what sort of modem you own or 
  use?

o optional display of total time connected on the kppp icon

o Much improved dialing and modem handling: kppp is now ROCK-SOLID on my
  machine. I hope this will be the case for you too. If not please mail me
  and describe the problems you are experiencing. Also, see the Makefile
  for instructions on how to have kppp give you more debugging info.

o Finally: kppp accepts commandline options! For the impatient, you 
  can have kppp start dialing immediately after start-up

For full help functionality you need "kdehelp" from the kde project. 
For further info about kppp plese review the files in the docs 
directory. For installation instructions read INSTALL. 
There is still much to be done, however I believe you will find kppp
very useful already !

happy dialing !

Bernd Wuebben

wuebben@math.cornell.edu
wuebben@kde.org

